Add Information About Parsed At Value to Test and Troubleshoot (#1634)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

To have the scheduler check for new DAGs more frequently, you can set the [`AIRFLOW__SCHEDULER__DAG_DIR_LIST_INTERVAL`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#dag-dir-list-interval) environment variable to less than 300 seconds. If you have less than 200 DAGs in a Deployment, it's safe to set `AIRFLOW__SCHEDULER__DAG_DIR_LIST_INTERVAL` to `30` (30 seconds). See [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

> In Airflow 2.5 and later, a **Parsed at** value was added to the Airflow UI DAG **Code** page to show when a DAG was last parsed. Knowing this value can help you determine when a DAG was last checked for syntax or import errors that might prevent it from successfully rendering in the Airflow UI. To view the **Parsed at** value in the Airflow UI, click **DAGs**, select a DAG, and then click **Code**. The **Parsed at** value appears at the top of the DAG code window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro Runtime 7.0 and later, the Airflow UI **Code** page includes a **Parsed at** value which shows when a given DAG was last parsed. Checking this value can help you determine when a DAG was last able to render in the Airflow UI. To view the **Parsed at** value in the Airflow UI, click **DAGs**, select a DAG, and then click **Code**. The **Parsed at** value appears at the top of the DAG code window.
```
